Good morning, family. I'm excited to
be with you again today; I think this is
the third video in a row.
This video is pretty serious.
The Lord has put on my heart—I'm
going to
tell you the things I've been
praying about.
I've been praying over Italy and
all the little tremors and the
volcano.
I'm going to tell you what I saw. I
was caught up in the Spirit. I was just
praying in the
Spirit, I was worshiping, and all of a
sudden I was shot up. I was
looking over Italy, and
Italy was so small.
I
was so
high—I
guess that's the way I want
to say it—I was really, really high and I
was looking down. All of a sudden, I
could see
a black blanket over the water over Italy. It looked like
a thick cloud,
but it was
as
black as
molasses—very,
very dark. It was all over
the water and there
were
black
clouds going through all the houses.
It looked like
a smog all
around the houses.
I could see the rooftops of the homes
because I was up, and I could see
the lights on in the houses.
Angels were
descending into
Italy.
Above, the Lord pointed my attention
to a massive circle, a
humongous portal that was over the
country of Italy.
It
was
over
where the earthquake
happened last night, where I told you the volcano
is
at by Pompeii. There was this massive portal
and there were angels in it.
The angels were coming out
of
this massive portal, and the portal was like it was breathing—it was alive. It was swirling, and there
were
clouds all in it.
It
looked
like it was opening up, and all of a
sudden these angels started coming out
of this massive
portal—thousands
of them. They were all
coming down like a staircase. It was
like
they were all descending, but
they were lined up
like
soldiers coming out of this massive
portal over Italy. It looked like
they were coming downstairs, but I could
not see stairs. Through the portal,
there were clouds coming out as the
portal was breathing and
turning. It was swirling; it was alive.
The clouds coming out of
the portal
were
humongous and
beautiful—pink,
blue,
and
purple.
I believe it was Heaven.
These angels were all
coming down and
descending
onto the Earth.
When they got to a certain
place in the atmosphere between the
portal and the Earth, they started to
spread out like ants all over
the place. They started scattering
and they were coming even faster down
onto those homes.
All of a sudden, each angel was going to
a
place; they were on a mission,
moving at the
speed of light.
They were moving down, and they all
had beautiful robes and gowns
on. It was the
most amazing thing. The whole time,
I'm sitting here in this chair
praying in the Spirit and
seeing all this,
soaking it all in.
I'm trying so
hard to explain everything the Lord
showed me in detail:
the
black smog. I was asking the Lord what all that
black smog was.
He showed me that
from coast to
coast,
there's a lot
of sex trafficking in Italy.
I don't know if people don't know
about it, but he
was showing that there was a lot of
corruption and trafficking in Italy.
There was
sand and things he
was
showing me about this.
Those angels were coming down, going to
these homes,
and they were making
a
motion
with their hand, like
'Come on,'telling the people to leave. It was a warning. Every angel was waving the people to come on.
They
did this
for several minutes.
In the Spirit, you couldn't really
tell a time frame, but you could sense
an urgency on their faces.
It felt like such an
urgency of a warning, telling the people
to leave.
They didn't say anything; I could just
see by their body language that they were in
a hurry. All of a sudden,
all of the angels
stopped their arms,
and
I knew people were praying. I could
feel the intercessory prayers from the
saints, from the Christians, from
people interceding for Italy in the
Spirit, praying in tongues.
You could
feel
the blanket of prayer coming
out of that portal.
You could feel the
intercessory prayer going on.
All of a sudden, all the angels froze
and
turned
their bodies to look back up
to the massive swirling light,
the portal.
All of a sudden, they
started shooting back up
into that portal, and then it
was over.
Then the Lord took me
to
another part of the
vision. He said, 'I want you to
focus on the canary.
A canary Braden, what is the meaning of
a canary in a coal mine?
Study this
out.'I
saw a yellow canary in a cave,
and there were gases. I could see a
gas
coming up out of the ground like
a smog.
The canary was swinging in a cage. I saw this birdcage in the spirit realm. I saw the canary on the little swing, swinging back and forth and chirping. All of a
sudden, I looked down because I could see this mist-like gas coming up out of the ground. I took my eyes off the canary,
and
when
I looked back, the
canary was dead in the bottom of
the
cage—lifeless
and
completely gone.
It happened so
quickly; the gases came up and
took the canary out. This is
part of the vision the Lord showed me
about the angels
and
this gas coming up out of the ground
in Italy. I don't know what that
was—if
it was from
the volcano
or whatever.
But I told you all I saw
hundreds of thousands of people go home.
I saw a massive wave coming. The
Lord said, 'Pay attention to the
water.'I
saw the earthquakes in the water, and the
people weren't paying attention.
The water was what the Lord kept
putting my attention to in the past
visions—look
at the water
in the coves.
He kept pointing me to
that in the spirit realm. I could see with my spirit
eyes
what
the Lord was
showing me: the water
in the gulf area right
there by Pompeii.
This is just what the
Lord is
showing me. I know, like I said,
a major 4.4, I believe, happened last
night. I saw all the rocks and the
devastation, the people, and the sirens
going off. There was a video my wife
gave me
from
someone
on Facebook; they
were putting it on their feed there, and
she was showing me, saying, 'Listen to
this.'So
I looked at it and I was like, 'Oh
my goodness.'I guess this just
happened yesterday, last
night—it
was our
night—so
not even 12 to 24 hours ago. The
electric
grid situation
is
escalating, and
things are really getting
intense. Okay, number two: for
the past week, even from last
Monday—not
yesterday Monday, but the week
prior—three
times now the Lord has spoken
to me about the electric grid in
America, telling me, 'Pray over the
electric grid. This is very serious.'I saw
a cyberattack or it was a false
flag attack. Like I
said, I'm not going to just flat out
say it was Russia or whoever;
I'm telling you I saw something go on
with our electric grid, and all of a
sudden power went out in New York and
major cities. It was completely dark
everywhere because of what happened on
this electric grid issue. And so He said,
'You're not taking this serious
enough.'He
warned me, saying, 'You need to pray about
this more intently
because of what is being planned and
plotted.'I
saw when the electric grid went down,
for some people, it had the opportunity
to be down for over three weeks. I saw
the number three—for over three
weeks. I saw
a
calendar, and I could see the
days go by with people being without
power. The Lord was warning me
about these major cities and about this
plot against America and about the
power grid. Now, I don't know a timeframe
or
anything else about
that. All I know is I'm interceding for
this. This is on top of the
Italy thing that He brought to my
attention, warning me about it.
Like I tried to tell you all about
what He showed me a year ago about
investing into a generator that had
three fuel types—propane, gas, and
natural gas—and having
electricity for what was coming in the
future, powering
your home,
finding ways to power your home through
solar.
They sell lights on Amazon, there's
candles, there's all kinds of stuff for
people to
have light.
I don't want to ever preach fear; I don't
want to be a Debbie
Downer and come on here and go
wacko
all the time, but I get these
things from the Spirit of God, these
warnings, and they're very intense. He
warns me about things.
For instance,
I was praying over
an ice storm one time, and He was telling
me about Texas being without power. I
kept seeing 'without power,'I kept seeing
'no heat,'I kept seeing a poisoning of
the water—something
was wrong with the water.
I believe it was about three years
now that they had a major cold front; a
major arctic front came down out of
the Arctic and through Canada,
and really made
everything really cold in Texas.
They could not handle the
electric load for all of the people
trying to heat their
homes, so the electric grid
shut down because the windmills froze.
All of the pipes in the houses
burst because people were trying to drip
their faucets, and so it shut down all of
the water. They put out a warning
not to drink the water because
it
had E. coli and all kinds of stuff,
and you had to boil it before
you could drink it. This lasted for
quite a while,
but before that happened, the Lord warned
me to warn friends that lived in Texas
and told them, 'You need to get at least
12 cases of
water.'So
I took it on myself,
not knowing where it
would
affect
me, so I went out and bought all the
water too because of what I was seeing in the
spirit; it was very alarming.
It had nothing to do with my
household; we had a
lot of water to drink for a while.
When you're seeing in the
spirit, I always want to
tell you: this does
not always affect everybody. There's a
lot of ground to cover from
Canada to Mexico, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific.
Whenever I'm seeing in the spirit, I
don't want to always alarm everybody and
say the power's going out for all of
America,
because I don't believe that.
I want you to be praying about this for
your own household.
It could be New York; like I said, I saw
New York, I saw a major city, and I
believe it was New York, but I don't
want to assume. It could be Chicago,
but I saw a lot of big buildings. So I
want to warn you all to pray about the
power grid with me. This is serious.
Instead of going, 'Well, I'm just
going to go out and buy everything
off of Amazon from
coast to coast,'because
the
power
grid's
not going to go down for the
whole country for three weeks. I
don't believe that. I believe that
certain areas, just like
my story about Dallas
and what the Lord was showing me there. I
thought, because I live in
Oklahoma,
that this was going to be about Oklahoma,
all the power going out and the
water going bad, and I'm trying
to warn everybody. But
I'm seeing in part, I'm
hearing in part. When you're doing
that,
I always try to be quick to obey
whenever He tells
me something. This
was
a word for Texas, and it
affected a lot of people in
Texas—hundreds
of thousands of
people—and
they were without power for
two weeks or more.
It was bad.
No heat, and people were
staying in sleeping bags and
trying to keep warm with their families,
and pipes were bursting everywhere; it was
a mess.
Like I said, I get these
cues.
Those are
the
three things: about Campi
Flegrei
in Italy and the
electric grid. I hope this
video blessed you.
I try to give you things
the Lord has given me in prayer and
keep you all updated.
Let's
pray.
I believe we can intercede
right now for the people
of Italy and
for the
people of
America. Father, I thank You.
Lord, right now in the name of Jesus,
we lift up Italy.
We lift up this volcano and the
earthquakes taking place.
You said, Lord, that perilous
times would come. You warned us that
there would be earthquakes in diverse
places, there would be volcanoes and
events that were fearful, that You said
men's hearts would fail them for fear
for looking after the things that
were coming upon the earth.
Father, I thank You that we are all
awake and listening to what the
Spirit of the Lord is saying. That we
would hear Your voice, and a stranger's
voice we would not follow. If we are
in harm's way, if we are not listening to
what the Spirit of the Lord said, shake
us inside. Show us, Lord, what we're
supposed to do for our families, that
we'd hear You before danger comes, that
we would know Your voice, Father, and that
we would know the
difference
between the spirit of fear trying to
torment us versus the Holy Ghost
trying to warn us.
That we will not be
led by emotion; we would be led by the
Holy Ghost.
I pray for every single person watching
this video, that
they would learn to meditate
on Your word and yield
themselves
to the Spirit of God
and
be able to hear Your
voice clearly. We call clarity in their
ears in the name of Jesus. With spiritual
ears, we call
supernatural giftings to see into the
spirit realm, to know Your voice and
hear warnings of danger.
Father, I thank You that they would
hear You right now
concerning their lives.
Clarity in the spirit, like tuning in a
radio station
to a clear channel, moving the
antenna. 'God, I'm going
to
put myself at Your feet,
and I will be at the spout where the
glory comes out, and I am not going to be
in fear about what the devil's doing, but
I have authority over the devil.'And I'm going
to
have wisdom concerning this, and
I'm not going to be moved by what I see
or what I feel. I am moved by what the word
of God says, and we're going to hear your
voice, Father, and we're going to do
exactly what you tell us to do.
Father, I thank you for that. Father, I
pray protection over the people
over Italy. I pray protection over the
believers, Father; they will be out of
harm's way. Father, I thank you that those
angels are coming out of that portal. I
thank you, Lord, that you give a strong
warning even in the midnight hour,
in
dreams and visions, and things like
that to protect the people from what's
coming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that whether it's
about the electric grid over
Miami, from L.A. to Phoenix to
Denver to Seattle, wherever it may
be—the
warnings that you're giving me right
now—I
thank you, Father, that this will
not happen.
We take authority over these
cyberattacks.
We take authority over false
flag events, and we say in the name of
Jesus, you will not do this. In the name
of Jesus, we plead the blood of Jesus
over our power grid. We say we will have
power; it will not disrupt life
or cause people to lose their life
because they need the electricity to
survive. I thank you, Father, that there is
a covering over these people. I thank you,
Lord, that we would hear your voice
concerning these things, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow. In America, I
thank you, Lord, that our people would be
wise on how to handle things in our
NSA and the computer people.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that at Homeland
Security, the people would know and they
would know how to protect us—the Army,
the Corps of Engineers—all the people. Father, I
thank you
that you give
wisdom, revelation, and knowledge over these
people to block attacks from
foreign adversaries. And if it is a false
flag or whatever, Father, we ask you, God,
to expose all wicked plots and plans.
Expose all wicked plans in Jesus'name—uncovering,
and
uncovering, and uncovering
in
Jesus'name.
We believe we receive this right now in
the name of Jesus. Now, Father, I pray over
their finances. Every person who
sowed and
believes in their covenant for
a
supernatural harvest concerning their
finances—I
pray over their finances in
the name of Jesus for a hundredfold
return over what they sow. I speak to
their finances right now in the name of
Jesus; great blessing is on their
houses, great prosperity is over their
home. And God, I thank you, Lord, for jobs
and better jobs, raises and bonuses,
settlements, interest and income, rebates
and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and
surprises, finding money, bills paid off,
blessing, and increase. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that every need they have is met
and every debt is canceled in the name
of Jesus.
Father, I pray over their health and
their bodies in wholeness and wellness.
In the name of Jesus, we take authority
over sickness right now.
We come against the sickness and disease;
we come against manifestations of
cancers, diabetes, heart
disease, all kinds of dementia and
Alzheimer's, and like I said, PTSD and all
kinds of bondage from perversions. We
command it to go now in
Jesus'name.
From all kinds of addictions—to alcohol,
to prescription medications, from drugs
to
all kinds of bondage—we take
authority over bondage right now in the
name of Jesus. Strongholds be broken
off of their lives; we call bondage and
strongholds to be broken by the power of
the Lord.
We call the blood of Jesus over this
right now. We plead the blood of Jesus
over this.
We thank you from the North to South, the
East to
West; we call angels to minister to us
right now in Jesus'name. We thank you,
Lord. We pray over rain and an abundance of
rain over our areas. We break drought in
the name of Jesus. We take authority over
drought. We speak to the rain; we call the
rain to come from the North, the South,
the East, and the West. We call
low-pressure
systems to come in right now in the name
of Jesus. We call forth
low-pressure
systems and the moisture to
come up. We call rain to come; we claim
rain, rain, rain in Jesus'name. The former
rain and the latter rain, even the
spiritual rain of the Holy Ghost,
rain
over this nation.
We call an abundance of rain to come down
right now in the name of Jesus.
We call your outpouring of the spirit,
Lord.
Bring us a great outpouring, a great
outflow of a great river, a tidal wave of
your presence upon this nation.
We pray over the leaders, over the people
who are over this country, from Joe
Biden all the way down. We pray for even
the smallest person that's in power; we
say in the name of Jesus, they would have
wisdom. Father,
I
thank you, Lord, they would have a fear
of the Lord inside of them to make godly
decisions. In
closing,
Father, I just thank you, Lord.
I thank you for your presence,
for in your presence there's fullness of
joy.
Lord, we rest in you today.
We take the care out of our prayer,
for if you're begging, you're not
believing.
We thank you, Lord,
for where the spirit of the Lord is,
there is freedom,
and we will not fear.
We will not fear in
Jesus'name.
We plead the blood over our nation.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this
right now.
I thank you, Father, that we have eyes to
see what you have to show us,
ears
to
hear,
and I plead the blood of Jesus over us
right now in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Well, okay.
I thank you all for joining me today.
I really do. I hope this has
blessed you all.
I really appreciate you taking the
time to watch my videos.
It means a lot to me.
I'm new at this; I'm just
learning like you all every day. Every
day we learn and we follow after
the voice of the Lord, and he
is
faithful. He's faithful to us. The
presence
of
the
Lord really settled in
on me right there when I was praying. I
saw some things I'd have to pray about.
Well,
y'all put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and I'm so
thankful that you watched my video today.
Y'all have a blessed day and we'll see
you next time. Bye-bye.